fix(clerk-js): Added padding for ArrowBlockButton to prevent layout shift (#1728)
clerkinc/javascript: .changeset/large-baboons-hope.md

---
'@clerk/clerk-js': patch
---

> Added some padding when the ArrowBlockButton is in loading state and has a left icon to prevent layout shift.

Reviewer: Nitpicky comment follows :)

The text here will be included in our changelog with the next production release and it's intended to be shown to Clerk customers. So I would rephrase it as such:

```suggestion
Updated the OAuth buttons in the SignIn and SignUp components to prevent layout shifts while loading.
```
